doc: Update 1.12.0 release guide and Changelog (#1488)
mongodb/terraform-provider-mongodbatlas: CHANGELOG.md

**Bug Fixes**

> - Fix when removing `collectionName` from user role [\#1471](https://github.com/mongodb/terraform-provider-mongodbatlas/pull/1471) [Breaking Change] ([marcosuma](https://github.com/marcosuma))

Reviewer: I think `breaking change` should be the first thing in this item. I think we should also bold this text to make it stand out. Also a minor wording tweak to make the structure of this item align with the others.
```suggestion
- **Breaking Change**: Fixes an issue where removing `collectionName` from user role didn't work [\#1471](https://github.com/mongodb/terraform-provider-mongodbatlas/pull/1471) ([marcosuma](https://github.com/marcosuma))
```

**Bug Fixes**

> - Fix when removing `collectionName` from user role [\#1471](https://github.com/mongodb/terraform-provider-mongodbatlas/pull/1471) [Breaking Change] ([marcosuma](https://github.com/marcosuma)).

Reviewer: I think breaking change should appear first. Also recommend applying formatting to make it stand out visually. Another small tweak to make the structure of this item match the others.
```suggestion
- **Breaking Change**: Fixes an issue where removing `collectionName` from user role doesn't work [\#1471](https://github.com/mongodb/terraform-provider-mongodbatlas/pull/1471) ([marcosuma](https://github.com/marcosuma)).
```

>   - Note: As a result, `mongodbatlas_database_user` is updated to not require `roles.collection_name` attribute and not support empty `collection_name`. Users should remove any usage of `roles.collection_name = ""` in configuration for this resource for upgrading to this version. For more details see:  https://registry.terraform.io/providers/mongodb/mongodbatlas/latest/docs/guides/1.12.0-upgrade-guide 

Reviewer: tweak to remove passive voice + imperative form to align with company style + end last sentence with a period
```suggestion
  - Note: As a result, `mongodbatlas_database_user` no longer requires `roles.collection_name` attribute and doesn't support an empty `collection_name`. You should remove any usage of `roles.collection_name = ""` in configurations for this resource when you upgrade to this version. For more details see:  https://registry.terraform.io/providers/mongodb/mongodbatlas/latest/docs/guides/1.12.0-upgrade-guide. 
```
